FormIntroduction ^{
    Text=<clr><clrEnd>    Volunteers! You have made the right choice by joining the glorious ranger ranks! The military commands of linkors and dreadnoughts may take pride in their fancy uniforms, but in the Klissan War three hundred years ago, as they suffered one defeat after another, it was the rangers who solved the mystery of Makhpella and put an end to the most terrible war in the history of this sector of the Galaxy! The rangers are no cannon fodder, capable only of obeying orders; every ranger is his own general and supply battalion!
    Text=<br>    Admittedly, over the centuries many have forgotten the rangers' noble history and customs. But there's no better time to remind them! As you know, six years ago the Coalition of intelligent races has encountered a new enemy -- an enemy no less dangerous than the klissan. They are called the dominators and represent a new form of cyberlife. As of yet, we do not know why they have begun attacking us, both on our planets and in space. Most dominator robots have only a semblance of intelligence, so it stands to reason they are controlled by brain centers. Initially it was believed that they had only one such center, but this presumption proved a costly mistake for the Coalition fleet at the Battle of Gralgar! Now we know that there is a minimum of three such centers, each controlling its own series of dominators. We were able to learn the origin of these robots and some things about their inner workings, but this information is classified. Perhaps you will be granted access to it at a later date. Besides, now is not the time for lectures -- the dominators have already captured tons of planets, and our fleet is still struggling to recover from the Gralgar massacre!
    Text=<br>    But this is not all! Intelligence reports on a whole pirate organisation, which just waits for a good moment to attack our positions. After defeat in the Gralgar Coalition is as weak as it has never been, so, we think, pirates will attack - it's just a matter of time. We don't know, who's their leader, how much ships they have, where are their bases. Possibility war on two fronts will only make our positions worse. In view of this, the decision was made to recruit additional rangers. We still contorl way bigger part of starsystems, but initiative is in hands of the enemy. That means we may need to use all of our reserves. Only medical comission stand between you and your glory. But, I have good news for you - because of difficult situation all our medical stuff have unspoken directive to recognize everyone as ready to serve Coalition! And now - dissmissed!
}
Script ~{
    MS_Begin ^{
        36=Good luck, <Player>. But remember, it isn't enough to know, how to sell goods or to shoot straight. You must know all about our enemies. Rangers can achieve all information about dominators. So, go to the Science Base <0>, but don't spend there too much time. Dominators occupied a lot of systems at border of our galaxy's arm and still continue expanding their control above the Galaxy. We need every ship, which can fight with invaders. And remember - you won't have any orders. Now you are an independent ranger. Fate of our world is in YOUR hands.
        64=On behalf of the Interstellar Coalition and the <0> Ranger Center in particular, I would like to thank all the true patriots enrolling into the ranger force in this hour of hardship! We all remember that 200 years ago it was the rangers who put an end to the Klissan War that threatened the very existence of all five Coalition civilizations. That war was a lesson to us all, strengthening the unity of the Coalition. Thanks to this war, whatever misunderstandings arose in the last two centuries were resolved swiftly and peacefully. This long-standing peace was just a few months ago when unidentified aggressors attacked a science expedition from Earth in a remote star system. According to their last message, the enemy resembled the klissan. However, the klissan always waged combat in space, whereas this attack took place planetside...<br>Thus the Coalition met a new enemy -- one that looks like a mix between the klissan and war machines of alien design. The machines self-reproduce at a rapid pace, taking over one system after another, fighting with equal skill on planets, in open space and in hyperspace. The earthlings from the first encounter had named them dominators. Alas, despite the heroism of our military, the attempt to crush the enemy in one fell swoop at the Battle of Gralgar proved disastrous. As we suffered tremendous losses, the dominators were able to withdraw their brain center -- Blazer -- from the main strike. At present they are continuing to reproduce on unknown bases in remote space.
        80=Unfortunately, that isn't all! Rumors say about a new threat for Coalition - pirate Clan. For the first time from Rachekhan's death they have powerfull and ambitious leader, who can control all this anarchists, terrorists and rebels. We don't know, who is he, even all the pirates didn't, but his horde can attack our defenceless systems in every moment. Our General Stuff is working day and night, how to protect our systems from this threat. They even thoght to lure pirates in the dominators system and defeat by the hands, or, to be correct, manipulators of our enemy. But, we don't know much about pirates, nad can't provoke their attack. Maybe, you have an idea? Maybe, it will be possible to defeat them with the spies? Broke them inside? Intresting, but too difficult variant. And, our positions on the front makes only worse. Some alarmist cries, that we will lose this war, so, it is really great to see your patriotism and will to win!
    }
    MS_SB1 ^{
        22=There's no time to think! Dominators and pirates are greatest threat to the Coalition!
    }
}
